ABOUT BUNDLING WORKFLOW

The bundling workflow seen in this project really makes me feel like a web developer. 
It's complicated at first, but I feel I can get used to this.
My biggest challenge is wrapping my head around all the ways to import and export code (js and css) and assets.

During the menu.js implementation, I rewrote code thinking something's up with my image loading, 
but turns out I'm importing images improperly, so I went back to get my old implementation back.
My feeling awful about my health at the time surely didn't help.

ABOUT NPM
NPM seems like a great way to manage dependencies, just like all those package managers in Linux distros.
package.json is easy to follow. Just gotta get used to the commands, which I'll get plenty of practice in later projects.

MORE FACTORIES?
Now that I reflected on this, maybe I should have used the factory pattern more. I did embrace the factory pattern a bit 
by making a MenuItem class containing data of each dish, and make a function that creates the HTML div element from its 
data. 

Maybe next time, I should just wrap all the createElement and textContent code blocks into some HTML element factory, 
receiving a string for the HTML element and textContent and returning the element. 
Since I use the <ul> HTML element quite a bit, that deserves its own factory.

Brilliant, I could cut down 30% of my JavaScript and make it more readable and expandable.
My appetite for more code isn't there though, urgh. 

ABOUT PROJECT 
This project really shows how package management and bundling works, and how we separate directories for production and develepment,
to balance uptime versus maintenance needs. I just need to practice this moving forward. 

Part of me feels wanting. Typing up all the elements for each webpage is more tiresome in JavaScript than in HTML. 
I understand the need for dynamic manipulation of the DOM though.

I had to make createElement calls manually everywhere. I mean, I could also have made factories. Maybe one of those frontend 
frameworks I'll learn later in the course will have these factories, and then some.